Hey
so it's me oh hey baby I have a
prize for you I know what it is you do
you got a puppy bro taking a girl the
kerb is easy as part of a relationship
next dumper it's quick easy and
depending on your wireless plan it could
even be free I can't text type but you
don't have unlimited texting
come on you were gonna break up with her
anyways remember I refuse to let you rot
away in the shrine to your ex hi Olivia
next to moving on cheers Cheers
you've died I saw you die oh I know
thank you deaky right your girlfriend is
so god she's back she's dead and she
thinks we're still dating
haha I love you that's really great
the crap max I know exactly what's going
on I really don't think you I dug myself
out of a grave for you Oh F you're
drawing blood that girl is not ever
anymore
she's zombie Evelyn she's Evelyn and
then we got crazy person please
definitely you just rose from the dead
you deserve more than a quickie
safeguard she saw a vampire hold to the
brain and Orton all those zombie movies
bare with me but my girlfriend came back
from dead
no she's gonna eat
the hell is going on max this is Evelyn
my dead ex-girlfriend